okay so we go over here we're gonna do
what so we got the loin now yeah we got
the ribs now right now we know now he's
a wrap the rap is key key key so okay
you take the rap take two piece of foil
okay seal them together just put one at
a time you put this here mm-hmm put a
little bit onion fresh on you know that
RS chopped onion mm-hmm little bit of a
dark brown dark brown sugar mm-hmm just
a little special water okay feisty here
yeah I don't know what else well this is
leaving a teen runaway capital of the
world hello everyone welcome to the show
okay so you fold that up yet you start
doing so you know working with me it's
so good at it just seal it all up feel
it all up really tight very very tight
like a now for these you know you don't
really have to cook them too long it's
like an hour and a quarter let's say
just like this is gonna tenderize okay
okay just put this thing right on there
right next to their beautiful then the
last step which is really important some
people just serve the ribs just like
that mm-hmm don't do it I do this
technique hold you kiss it with smoke
essentially these are glazed ribs okay
okay and you kiss it with smoky throw it
back onto the grill for how long 20
minutes to a half an hour okay it
tightens up the sauce and it gets that
last bite of smoke on it so you don't
want to put to just kind of wet sauce
right on top of them you don't want to
do it you want to just kind of like
concentrate the flavor that's what i
like to do 3d flavors really kind of
intensify everything it's what people
typically do but I kind of just take it
to another level so yeah so anyway so
okay this is actually finished so we're
gonna take this over there let's eat it
yeah you know I mean that seems like the
most important part Bridget erogenous
okay and and what do we have here pork
chops yeah pork chops oh so season them
brined and finish with them a little bit
of
lemon zest okay yeah all right well we
only have about a minute here so let's
eat some of this and see in fact let me
let me show you how to do this oh yeah
it's a good idea yeah turn it over hold
it up look II got the bones as your
guide he like that from you I'll do the
first one okay and you just cut down
okay okay and as you cut down on the
ribs like that this is what I want to
show you a big thing is is the sport
dressing concept okay okay take a little
bit of barbecue sauce okay take a little
bit of oil olive oil yeah olive oil some
pepper salt fresh herbs and so as you
cut want to just toss it right in there
okay and then what happens it goes into
my mouth yeah that's exactly oh I really
is delicious can you do it right here on
the heart attack well there you go the
book is called barbecue 25 it's in
storage now Daisy Mays barbecue New York
Adam Perry Lang everybody